When I started college, I started at San Diego State University, and at
the time the university was impacted, which meant that they had too
many students, and so their policy was to have students declare their
major as incoming freshmen. So as soon as you started there, you
had to declare a major. And so I didn't know really what I wanted to
do with that point. But I had to pick something, so I e chose my major
really, by a process of elimination. So I looked through the catalog
at all of the available majors, and I decided, you know, I didn't
want to do anything that had to do with math because I didn't like
math. I didn't want anything to do with science because I didn't
like things like chemistry and stuff like that. So all of that stuff
just went gone out the window on gun I you know, I wasn't really good
at art or music. So those you know, I didn't consider those p No,
thank you. I wasn't gonna do anything like that. So, you know, kind
of as I went through and just toss things, the pool got smaller and
smaller. Um, And then once, I kind of had a few choices, mostly in
the humanities and social sciences. I started looking at the requirements.
Andi also just kind of thinking of my own abilities. Like, could
I really do this on Guy? Honestly landed on psychology Mawr. So
not so much because I loved psychology and wanted to know more. My father
was a clinical psychologist, and so we had always, you know, I
knew a lot about psychology just from dinner table talk kind of stuff.
Um, and so I just kind of plumped on that major because I knew something
about it. It was reasonably interesting, I guess. Andi, I I
definitely felt that well, if my dad could do it, and you know he was
an idiot because I was that kind of kid. Um, then I could do it.
So that was really what made my decision to choose. Psychology is my
major